DOCS-9758-sftp-on-new-updated-example-kt (#1236)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/1.3/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-connection-dynamically.adoc

* An HTTP Listener source initiates the flow by reading random content posted via HTTP.
* The File Connector Read operation loads a recipients CSV file that contains a random set of SFTP destinations, with columns such as host, user, and port.
* A DataWeave transformation maps the content and splits the CSV file.

> * A For Each component and an SFTP Write operation write the content into each of the SFTP destinations. On each For Each iteration, the expressions set in the SFTP global configuration element resolves to a different value and establish different connections to each of the servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A For Each component and an SFTP Write operation write the content into each of the SFTP destinations. For every For Each iteration, the expressions set in the SFTP global configuration element resolves to a different value and establishes different connections to each of the servers.
```

Reviewer: Or, On every For Each operation...
